A detective is like an ocean wave.
The criminal works so hard
to build a sandcastle,
then he comes in at the end
and washes it all away.
A wave is neither good nor evil.
Neither compassionate nor cruel.
It simply returns everything
to its natural state.
"Killed Again, Mr. Detective?"
And if a detective is an ocean wave,
then that man is a giant tsunami
that swallows up the whole beach.
No matter the case, he'll solve it,
smash it into nothingness, and end it.
The greatest detective in history...
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
The Murder of 66 Police Officers — Killer Arrested
The European Euro Robbery — Hiding Spot Found
The Kingdom of Vanrecht Mass Disappearance Case
— Solved by the Immortal Detective
The Seven Continents Great Romance Incident
— Empress Captured by Famous Detective
Another Success for Outsuki Tatsuya — Cannibal Cult Arrested
Outsuki Tatsuya.
And I'm his son, Outsuki Sakuya.
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Father.
By the time you read this, I will be gone from this world.
I don't have any real memories of you trying to raise me,
but thanks anyway.
Will
Logical and fair.
And just the right degree of tear-jerking.
Why am I writing a will, you ask?
It's something I do every day.
Outsuki
Detective
Agency
If I had to give a reason, it's because
my shoelace snapped suddenly today.
Or maybe it's because
a black cat crossed my path.
Sakuya-sama, everyone else
has already gone to meet the client.
B-Before we talk about that,
could you perhaps tell me
why you were sniffing my uniform?
I did no such thing.
You totally did!
Does my scent just drive
the ladies wild or something?
It does not.
I assumed as such.
If it did, school would be a lot more fun.
So you're saying you find school boring?
Is that really the case?
Huh?
It would appear that you
once again spent time
with an attractive school nurse
in her late 20s.
Your time at school
seems quite enjoyable to me.
Wh-What are you talking about?
I can smell disinfectant and medicine,
plus the faint whiff of perfume
on your uniform.
The medicine smell no doubt
came from the nurse's office.
And the perfume is from
the new Vivi Alice spring line.
It's pricier than a high school
student could afford.
You've got it wrong.
I scraped my leg in gym class.
A-And I couldn't just ignore it
with all my classmates watching.
You know what I mean, right?
The nurse got really worried
when she saw the scrape,
and started giving me
a full-body examination.
Yes, she was just doing her job,
nothing more. Nothing bad at all.
Those last two sentences make it clear
something inappropriate happened.
I can't hide anything from you,
huh, Lilithea?
So you admit your guilt?
Seriously, though. Nothing happened.
I have a duty to keep an eye
on you at all times,
and to make sure
you don't act inappropriately.
After all... I am
Detective Sakuya's assistant.
I'm happy you're calling me "Detective,"
but my dad has never viewed me
as a full-fledged sleuth.
In that case...
The two of us together
will be one "full-fledged sleuth."
Where's my dad?
Tatsuya-sama just left for the airport
on an emergency call.
There's been a hijacking.
A hijacking?
The hijacked passenger plane was coming
to Japan from Singapore's Changi Airport.
The hijacker is a nine-year old girl.
She's taken 179 passengers and crew
hostage aboard the aircraft.
Nine years old?
If they called for my dad,
that means they think only Outsuki
Tatsuya can resolve the situation.
The hijacked plane was...
flight XX999.
Thank you.
By the way, what's on
my schedule for the day?
An adultery investigation.
Nice. Seems safe.
I think it would be better for you to be
a bit more ambitious, Sakuya-sama.
You think a detective should be
trying to solve bigger cases?
A locked-room murder
in a mansion somewhere?
A killing spree on an isolated island?
I'd rather not.
So who's the target for today?
Katsuragi Makoto, age 43.
He works for a film distribution company,
and is responsible for
a number of hit movies.
Your mission...
is to tail him aboard the Queen Irie
bound for Singapore from Yokohama.
The Queen Irie Murder Case, Part 1
It's huge.
The Queen Irie is Japan's largest cruise liner,
with a passenger capacity of 1,100.
Shall I carry those for you?
No, thanks. I can do it myself.
Is that...
Katsuragi Makoto.
He's occasionally been known
to purchase suspicious items,
and has started renting a condo
in downtown Tokyo.
He had an awful lot of luggage with him.
Wonder what was inside.
Presents for a girl? Adult toys
he can't tell anybody about?
Disgusting.
Would it kill you to make
a proper hypothesis for once?
What's he doing on this ship, anyway?
It's for a movie.
Past Appearances
Television
The XYZ Murders
Attendant
Commercials
Taiyou Ham
They're interviewing the main actress
aboard this cruise ship.
It's a joint promotion
with some travel company.
Haigamine Yuriu?
She's a new actress who was
specially chosen to appear in this movie.
You're right. She's barely
appeared in anything.
Outsuki Tatsuya
Jumping aboard now.
\h10,000 meters up.
\h\h\h\hReally high!
You and your father have
very different tendencies.
I use him as an example
of what not to do.
Read
Just don't slip and fall off
It'll annoy me
I know how Dad hates heights.
All right. Let's get to work.
Sure.
Katsuragi's heading for day one's
big event: the Queen Irie Circus.
When's the last time I went to the circus?
I've never been to one.
I've only read about them
in picture books.
Ah, sorry.
Sozorogi-san? Why are you
on a luxury cruise ship?
Vacation. My little brother
got me tickets.
Vacation?
If you're here, Tatsuya-san
must be here too, right?
Don't involve me in whatever you're up to.
Don't worry. My dad's on another case.
Well, that's okay then.
You sure have it rough, don't you?
Having to take care of his lazy son.
If you ever need a good lawyer,
just let me know.
Sakuya-sama, the performance
is beginning soon.
All right. The booze is calling to me,
so I'll bid you a pleasant evening.
A detective and a policeman
on the same cruise ship?
No, I'm sure it doesn't mean anything.
Sakuya-sama, don't focus
on the performance so much
that you forget about
watching our target.
Don't worry. The circus doesn't
really interest me, anyway.
It doesn't?
I don't quite understand
what I'm supposed to be enjoying.
Are you okay?
I should just enjoy the thrills
instead of overthinking it.
Even a little kid can do that.
A pierrot?
That's a clown. Pierrots cry.
If it has teardrop makeup
on its cheeks, it's a pierrot.
If not, it's a clown. A jester.
A jester, huh?
Oh, Katsuragi-san!
Nice to see you.
It's so much more incredible
in person, isn't it?
Yes, I was surprised too.
I'm not seeing him spending
any time alone with a girl.
He may not be committing adultery
with a human woman.
It could be with a cat, or a cactus,
or an airplane?
No way.
She's been a weird one
for as long as I've known her.
I met Lilithea on one of my dad's cases.
After the case, she had nowhere to go,
so she joined our agency.
The Globe of Death.
It says it's one of
the biggest events in the show.
Globe of Death
They ride around in that globe
on motorcycles?
I'd be dead in two seconds.
The Globe of Death, huh?
What an awful name.
Killed Again,
Mr. Detective?
You keep an eye on him, Lilithea.
I'll go see what I can learn
from the people he's with.
Right.
Don't give in to the temptation to go off
and have fun on the cruise.
I would never.
No?
A cruise ship at night is filled
with all kinds of entertainment,
but I would never give
into such temptation.
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Explain that well-thumbed guidebook, then.
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
Darts Tournament
Making the Most of Your First Trip on
The Queen Irie
The Complete Guide
This is...
I-It's an assistant's job is to make sure
she's prepared in advance.
Just be careful.
You too, Sakuya-sama. Take care.
If Dad were here,
he'd tell me to watch the guy every second
even if it means peeing my pants.
I guess it's not as easy in real life
as it is in the movies.
Are you okay?
Sorry to bother you.
Um... Where are we?
The men's bathroom.
No!
Please listen!
I've got a really good reason!
Calm down. Can you stand?
Th-Thank you.
Past Appearances
Television
The XYZ Murders
Attendant
Commercials
Taiyou Ham
Are you... Haigamine Yuriu-san?
Yup, I'm Yuriu!
Um...
Are you a detective, Sakuya-san?
Wh-Why do you think that?
Because you said, "Watch the guy every second
even if it means peeing my pants."
Oh, uh, well, about that...
Is it possible for me to hire you?
Hire me?
Yup!
I want you to find a cat named Lulu-chan.
A cat?
I heard her crying in the ducts,
so I went in there to look for her.
But the ceiling gave way under me
and I fell into the men's bathroom...
Sorry, I was just laughing at myself.
Lulu-chan's the producer's calico cat.
The producer?
Right. Katsuragi-san,
the producer for my movie.
He loves cats.
He brought them all on the cruise,
but one ran off.
So Katsuragi-san asked you
to look for it?
Nope. I took it upon myself!
So you went up into the ducts
even though he didn't ask you to?
You're an unusual person, aren't you?
Well, I'm worried about the kitty.
Will you please take the job?
Fine. I'll do it.
Thank you, master.
I don't remember taking you
on as an apprentice.
But if I get close to her, I can probably
learn a lot about Katsuragi.
I'm actually playing a detective
in my upcoming movie.
My name is Uzura,
Teenage Girl Detective!
Is looking for this cat
your way of practicing for the role?
I'm embarrassed to say it, but kinda.
Oh, but I am also worried. Really!
I want my first starring role
to be a success.
I won't get in your way.
If anything, I promise to be helpful.
Please!
Fine. Go for it.
Thank you, master!
You're welcome.
Contact me immediately
if anything comes up.
Right.
And don't do anything dangerous.
I'll be careful.
And don't you go dying on me, master.
I don't see that happening.
But I'm glad I have
such a kind apprentice.
"Kind"? Aw, shucks.
I'm tying a bow around those words
and sending 'em right back to ya.
Lulu-chan!
Excuse me. Have you seen
a calico cat around here?
A calico cat? No, I haven't.
I see.
I sometimes see rats
in the cargo hold up ahead.
So there might be a cat there too.
I'd like to go look, if I may.
Go right ahead.
Thank you.
No problem.
Lulu-chan!
Lulu-chan?
A Kawashima Ultra Sherba?
They put them here
when the performance is over?
Dead...
He's dead?
It's that guy.
Why did I have to find this body?
Now that I've seen it,
I have to get involved.
I can't pretend I didn't see it.
This is...
They use this to lift
and service the motorcycles?
He's too high up to have used
the remote control to hang himself.
Rising a few dozen centimeters
would've been enough to choke him.
If he'd passed out and dropped the remote,
that would've stopped it rising.
Hello?
I have a lot to tell you.
I'm in a cargo hold on the first floor.
Something awful's happened...
Huh? You're in the middle of a darts game?
Are you seriously playing darts now?
Just get down here!
I think I just heard...
Did it belong to the victim?
I can't breathe.
Who'd do such a thing?
That's my killer?
Is it a he? Or a she?
That's a pierrot.
Damn it.
Death is scary.
I really hate it.
Both my death, and other people's.
Being a detective really is a good way
to get yourself killed.
Lilithea?
Killed again, Mr. Detective?
Next Episode
The Queen Irie Murder Case, Part 2
Next episode: "The Queen Irie
Murder Case, Part 2."